Source: Yongky A, et al. (2019) Process intensification in fed-batch production bioreactors using non-perfusion seed cultures. MAbs 11(8):1502-1514. PMC6816350 (peer-reviewed, Bayer authors)
URL: https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC6816350/
Retrieved: 2026-07-29

ABSTRACT (excerpt):
Process intensification has been used for decades in the traditional chemical industry using continuous operation methods to improve process yield, product value and reduce facility footprints. 1 – 5 However, the implementation of continuous manufacturing has faced more challenges in the younger and more dynamic biotechnology industry. 6 , 7 Based on the host cell used, biotechnology processes are either microbial fermentations or mammalian cell cultures. Progress of continuous operations has been made in some cases, including microbial fermentations for bulk chemicals such as bio-ethanol. 6 – 8 Implementation of continuous operations or perfusion in mammalian cell culture in commercial manufacturing facilities has not been as rapid due to much smaller processing capacity with much higher product value, more complicated quality standards and stringent regulatory requirements for biopharmaceutical products such as monoclonal antibodies (mAbs). 9 – 11 Mammalian systems can be more difficult to operate compared to microbial fermentations due to slower growth rates, complex media systems, and process parameter controls. Nevertheless, there have been substantial advances, including process intensification in mammalian fed-batch cell culture development over the last 30 years. Since the 1980s, manufacturing titers have improved from tens of mg/L to ~3 g/L in the 2010s by cell line engineering, 12 – 14 media development 15 – 18 , and process control improvements 19 – 21 achieving higher specific productivities (Q P ) increased peak viable cell densities (VCD), and prolonged production durations. 22 – 24 Mammalian cell culture using fed-batch operations has not completely matured as titers greater than 10 g/L titer have only recently, but periodically, been reported, 25 – 28 which indicates that potential remains for further cost reductions using fed-batch operation in the future. The advantages of perfusion cell culture for achieving high VCD to enhance recombinant protein productivity were realized in the early 1980s. 29 , 30 Perfusion cell culture requires equal volumes of fresh media continuously added and spent media removed, while retaining the cells in the bioreactor by use of perfusion equipment such as alternating tangential flow (ATF) devices, cross-flow filters, centrifuges or settlers. 31 , 32 Thus, a higher VCD and volumetric productivity can be achieved with long durations of up to months compared to fed-batch production cultures with durations of 10–20 days. 33 , 34 Perfusion production cell culture has been successfully applied to produce cells o

KEY BENCHMARK STATEMENT:
Fed-batch processes have been established from lab to commercial scales up to 25,000-L, while perfusion processes are usually operated up to 1000-L. Although the perfusion mode achieves higher productivity with a higher manufacturing output than fed-batch operated at the same scale, fed-batch in a much larger commercial bioreactor can achieve a higher manufacturing output than perfusion. Two case studies on the conversion of perfusion back to fed-batch production for commercial manufacturing due to a high product demand have been reported. 39 , 40 In comparison to applications of perfusion technology in the production bioreactors (N) discussed above, there has been recent interest in the app